Previously on sheriff country...
All of these women went missing
within a few days of
the blood moon festival.
This is your sister.
I think whoever killed Jessica winters
took my sister Zoey.
I think this town has a
serial killer on the loose.
The blood moon festival
is his hunting ground.
Put eyes on Van Wainwright.
His lawyer's on the way.
You go home.
I need you fresh for tomorrow.
Hey. mom. I'll come by the
house at 8:00 for breakfast.
I love you.
Cassidy Campbell? I'm deputy fox.
I know someone called. but I'm fine.
I have to come in.
It's standard protocol
for domestic disturbances.
I was just cleaning up.
I'm from dead water.
I thought all plates came with cracks
till I was seven.
You're from dead water?
Don't let the getup fool you.
Is he still here?
He left.
And I'm fine.
I'm sorry you had to
come out here. deputy.
Mickey.
I got nowhere else I got to be.
Really. it's nothing.
I overreacted.
Is that what he tells you?
I...
I don't know.
I don't know anymore. I just...
I keep thinking that
I'm forgetting something.
but I can't remember.
I'm so tired. and he won't let me sleep.
I just can't think. I...
Hey. hey. hey. Cassidy. it's okay.
Just breathe with me. okay?
In for four. out for four.
There you go. Just breathe.
- Okay. sit down.
- Okay.
You're not overreacting.
He's lying to you.
He's losing control. and he's scared.
He doesn't want you to
know how strong you are.
I'm pathetic.
What kind of person lets
somebody do this to them?
Hey.
I know how hard it was
for you to ask for help.
but you did it. you called.
There's a women's shelter.
It's open 24 hours... No. I can't. I'm sorry.
I'm not ready. I'm-I'm sorry you had to
- waste your time. deputy.
- Hey.
I have a two-apology
limit. and you're pushing it.
Don't make me detain you.
What's the name of the street
that you lived on growing up?
What street? I don't know.
Canary road. Why?
This is my cell.
Anything happens.
you call me. day or night.
If you're in danger.
if you can't speak
freely. you say "canary."
I'll know it's you. and I
will come find you. Cassidy.
We know at least two of the missing girls
knew Van Wainwright
before they vanished.
Yeah. it's circumstantial. but...
Boone. there are receipts.
plane tickets. - yeah. yeah.
Photos of him in Berlin. Marseille.
If he wasn't even in the country
when three of the women went missing.
he can't be the blood moon killer.
So. back at square one.
Anybody seen Cassidy?
I sent her home.
- What's up?
- Her mom is here.
Laurie?
- Why?
- I don't know.
I ducked out the moment I saw her.
She seems... Like she always seems.
Woman's got one gear. Worked up.
It's okay. Laurie. I'm
here. What's going on?
I woke up to a voicemail from Cassidy.
It was so strange.
I tried calling her. got nothing.
I went over there. nothing.
I'm telling you. Mickey.
- I got a bad feeling.
- It's okay. Laurie.
It's okay. Can you play us the message?
Hey. mom.
It's me. I know it's late.
but I need to tell you something.
I'll come by the house
at 8:00 for breakfast.
just like we used to.
I love you.
Canary.
You see what I mean?
What's canary. Mickey?
Where's Cassidy?
Mickey. where's Cassidy?
I don't know.
She's... Hasn't come in yet today.
Something's happened.
- I know it's something bad.
- We don't know that yet. Laurie.
Don't lie to me.
She only became a cop because of you.
Let us get into it. Ms. Campbell.
and-and we'll call you as
soon as we know anything.
Okay.
That message... That
message was for me.
What do you mean? That-that
voicemail was for her mom.
Canary. It's a distress call.
We have to find her.
Cassidy!
She actually turned that
heap of parts into a car.
Boss. cruiser looks untouched.
Doors are locked.
Are we sure this is where Cassidy was
- when it happened?
- When what happened?
All we have is one weird voicemail
and Laurie freaking out. as usual.
Shh!
What's that clicking sound?
Liquor store's neon sign is on the Fritz.
That sound is in the voicemail.
We're in the right place.
This is where Cassidy was last night.
All right. Hank. talk to the store owner.
See if he caught anything on camera.
Yes. boss.
Okay.
So. from the message.
we know that Cassidy got out of the car.
closed the door.
She walks towards the house.
There's this. sound. crackling sound.
Like a. almost like a... Taser. Taser.
Yes.
And then there's a thud.
Like she fell and hit her head.
No blood in the driveway. no blood here.
What about... Boone.
Call dispatch now.
We need a crime scene unit here.
- Is that blood?
- I need forensics at...
My god. he took her.
- Did you get the video?
- The blood moon killer...
he must've realized
Cassidy was onto him...
Hank. did you get the video?
The owner wouldn't give it to me.
He said not without a warrant.
Let's go.
Did I stutter? I said no warrant. no video.
Hi there. Roy.
I don't know if deputy
iglesias made himself clear.
Your video could save a deputy's life.
That's not my problem.
What is your problem. Roy?
My problem?
Nine months you guys shut me down.
all 'cause I didn't check a few ids.
I could've lost everything.
That's my problem.
Now. if you don't mind...
Tough guy.
What are you gonna do.
tough guy. rough me up?
What the hell are you doing?
That's it. I'm gonna...
You're gonna what?
You gonna call the cops?
Like I said. your video
could save a deputy's life.
Whatever. fine. take it.
Just a bunch of thugs.
What'd you call me?
Say it again. Say it!
That's him.
It's the blood moon killer.
Quiet. Turn around. turn around.
turn around. turn around. turn around.
Cassidy Campbell was
abducted at 12:21 A.M.
We believe she was taken
by the blood moon killer.
Earlier in the day.
she discovered the
remains of two of his victims.
We believe that he took
deputy Campbell... Cassidy...
in order to stop our
investigation in its tracks.
That was a mistake.
We will make him regret it.
It's been ten hours and 58
minutes since she was taken.
Nobody sleeps till Cassidy is home safe.
A blue cr-v tailed her
from the time that she
left the blood moon festival.
The windows are tinted.
Look at the way the light
bounces off the license plate.
Could be photo blocking spray.
The cr-v just disappears
after it leaves her house.
It's like the killer knew all the blind spots.
The data from the
cell towers came back.
There were no pings
after Cassidy was grabbed.
He must've ditched her sim card.
The land where the
dead water victims were found
belonged to an ed Ferguson.
He was in federal prison when
most of the girls were taken.
and that's where he
died three years ago.
Another dead end.
Call social services.
I want every scrap of information
that they have on those missing girls.
He's gonna kill me.
If you're here. he's gonna kill me.
My god.
You're Jane yarrow.
The last girl to go missing.
"Out with the old. in with the new."
Have you been down here for two years?
Dana. Jessica. Maggie.
And if... If you're here...
If you're h... here. he's gonna...
- He's gonna kill...
- Jane.
Breathe.
In for four counts. out for four counts.
Do it with me.
I'm a cop. Jane.
How do you know the
names of all the missing girls?
She had the biggest laugh.
Jane.
Every time. I'd wonder
how such a big sound
was coming from...
Sorry.
- Any word on Cassidy?
- Not yet.
Is that all of it. Stephanie?
Every girl who passed
through social services
between ages 18 and 26.
I knew maisie and Zoey. too.
so if you have any questions.
You spoke to Cassidy last night.
Did she say anything?
Anything about any leads
that she was chasing down?
Yes. as a matter of fact.
She was very interested in
someone who knew Maggie shipley.
Van Wainwright.
We ruled him out this morning.
This is very helpful.
Yeah. shutting off the stove
after the house burned down.
I should get a medal.
Stephanie. this isn't on you.
Two of these girls... they were taken
before you even joined dss and...
I could've paid better attention.
noticed they were missing sooner.
Five of those girls were unhoused.
four of them runaways... Please stop.
I know you're trying to
make me feel better. but
those girls had no one.
I was supposed to keep
them safe. and I failed.
They died on my watch.
The least I can do is own it
instead of making excuses.
Nine girls.
He's done this to nine girls.
Maisie... the girl before
me... her fingers were bloody
from scratching her name in.
I asked her why she did it.
and she said that she h-hoped
that I would never find out.
And then. two days later.
he came for her. and now I get it.
Listen to me. Jane.
Your name will never be on that wall.
I'm gonna get us out of here.
But how?
Tell me everything.
Everything you know about him.
- What's his name?
- I don't... I don't know his name.
He told me to call him father.
What does he look like?
Dark hair... Kind of
average height. I guess.
I-I don't know. I...
Knees.
I know why you won't
show me your face.
The same reason why you took me.
I was getting too close.
And you want to know what
the sheriff knows about you.
Everything.
She knows everything.
Get ready for a knock at your door.
you sick son of a bitch!
She's lying.
They... they don't know anything.
She doesn't even know your name.
Pray you never see my face.
If you do. it'll be the
last thing you ever see.
I've seen this... the third eye...
I've seen this symbol before somewhere.
Yeah. so has everyone in town.
The festival logo.
No. that's not it.
Is Van Wainwright still in holding?
Tell me about that symbol.
You're kidding. right?
You accuse me of being a serial killer
'cause some drunk girl
couldn't keep her hands off me. and...
Now you want my help?
- I'm not telling you Jack.
- Hey.
Watch your tone.
You know what. Boone. he's right.
Thank you. Finally.
I seem to remember your
hands around that poor girl's neck.
Maybe attempted murder is better.
Wh-what... no. what?
That's... that's a lie.
Who's the D.A. gonna believe?
A sex offender taking
advantage of a poor. drunk girl
or the cop that brought him in?
C... Come on.
She asked you about the eye.
Okay. fine.
Most people think it's
some hippie nonsense.
but it's not.
It's the eye of judgment.
It symbolizes being a moral arbiter.
having the right to decide
between good and evil.
Used to be on the old county seal.
You're welcome!
Hey. It is one thing
to put the squeeze on Roy
for the footage. but this...
trumping up charges...
it's not normally your style.
Nothing about this case is normal.
This killer's been ahead
of us every step of the way.
The obscured license
plates. the tinted windows.
the-the missing cell tower data.
So. he's careful.
He knows where the traffic
cameras are gonna be. Boone.
That's not careful.
That's experience.
We've been asking ourselves.
"how could this killer sneak his victims
out of the festival
without anyone noticing?"
When the question we
should've been asking is
"what if he didn't sneak them out?"
What if he walked them out
and nobody thought to
question his authority?
And the answer is right here.
The eye of judgment.
Boone. I think we're looking for a cop.
We know that the blood
moon killer's been active
for 20 years. and if your theory is right...
if he's a cop or was a cop...
then he's got to be close to retirement.
Now. on the active roster. that leaves
bates. mendoza. bosko.
Bates and mendoza. both women.
It doesn't fit the profile.
This guy hates women.
And bosko has a bad back.
He's been on desk duty for years.
Not our guy.
I may have something.
The killer's obsessed
with the blood moon. right?
So. I called the festival.
asked if any former deputies
had worked security there
- over the years.
- Smart.
Three names came back.
One guy is 82. I doubt he's
even allowed to drive at night.
Now. the second guy retired at 30.
but the third guy might work.
He's in his 60s but he's in good health.
Wait. wait. the guy who retired at 30...
was he injured or...
Ellis Monroe.
Wait. he got into an altercation
with Wainwright yesterday.
He didn't want to make a big stink.
but Wainwright decked him.
When Cassidy and punch and
I were talking about the killer.
Ellis was there.
Yeah. he retired. all right.
After a woman and her
teen daughter. romy hale.
filed a complaint.
Doesn't say why.
Track down romy. bring her in.
Sorry.
It's okay.
I'm not mad.
I thought Jessica was his first victim.
I never even knew about Dana.
The terror that they must have felt.
What you lived through
the past two years.
I know getting out of
here seems impossible.
but. Jane. we have to try.
She was lucky.
Your sister.
At least she had you up there.
Nobody even noticed that I was gone.
Is that what he told you?
Marisol Diaz. the
intake aide at the shelter.
reported you missing.
Mama d.?
She said you sang "silent night"
at the holiday party.
She said you had the
most beautiful voice
she'd ever heard.
No. but he... He told me
that nobody was looking.
That no one cared.
I was looking for you.
And I can get us out of here.
But we have to trust each other.
Or we're dead.
So. who'd Ellis kill?
Why do you think he killed somebody?
'Cause ever since that
night. I've been waiting
to get pulled into a room like this one
and asked about deputy Monroe.
Tell us what happened. romy.
In-in your own words.
I was a junior at eel river high.
I wrote for the school paper.
Wanted to be the next
Katie Couric or something.
And. one day. I stayed late after school.
missed the bus and so I started walking.
Couple blocks in. guess
who pulls up next to me?
Ellis Monroe.
Squad car and everything.
And he said he'd give me a
ride home. and I hesitated.
Forty-minute walk in the
dead of winter. and I hesitated.
- Why?
- Gut feeling?
Survival instinct?
Whatever it was. I didn't
want to get in that car.
But I did.
Mostly 'cause his daughter
was sitting in the passenger seat.
Ellis has a daughter?
Dana.
I knew her from around.
She was sweet. so I got in.
And at first. everything was fine.
Ellis was. you know. nice. normal.
And after a few
minutes. Ellis pulled over.
and Dana jumped out.
And...
Then he got creepy.
Creepy how?
What did he do?
He started asking me questions.
- Do you have a boyfriend?
- If I had a boyfriend.
Have you had sex?
If we'd had sex.
And I just froze.
And then I saw... What?
Dana's backpack.
She'd left it behind.
And it was covered in butterflies.
Yeah. the girl was obsessed.
She had butterflies on everything.
So. I tried changing the subject.
asking him about
Dana and the butterflies.
You know what he said?
I bet everyone buys
your little innocent act.
I see what you are. deep down.
No.
I know what girls like you really need.
And that's when I realized
we were going in the wrong direction.
We weren't going toward my house.
And then. thank god. my mom called.
I've never picked up the phone faster.
I told her that deputy Monroe
was kind enough to give me a ride home.
And once you said that.
Ellis had to drop you off.
And the next day. my mom
came here and filed a complaint.
And Ellis was fired or... I don't know.
maybe he was allowed
to resign. I don't know.
But I always knew that
someday I'd be getting a call.
Father?
May I use the bathroom?
Can I have some water?
Come on. I haven't had
anything to drink for hours now.
Please.
Father. can I have some water?
Help me!
Please. Jane!
Get in here! Now.
Did you get it?
You did good.
Ellis Monroe. Sheriff's office.
We have a warrant
to search the premises.
What's this all about?
Boone. check for a basement.
The door may not be visible.
Look in the closets and
pull up any throw rugs.
- Iglesias. check the kitchen.
- Right.
You know. I know my rights.
You have to show me the warrant.
Whitley. check the garage.
A deputy was abducted
and you think I'm a suspect?
You went to a whole
lot of bother for nothing.
Yeah. we'll see about that.
Look. I was at the festival
until just after 11:00.
Then a whole crew of us
went to the meat up for a beer.
Run it down. Chang.
Yes. boss.
That's. quite the display.
for such a short career.
Yeah. I was proud of my time there.
You know. when I heard
there was a sheriff who's female...
I mean. I feel like I left just in time?
You didn't leave.
You were pushed out.
Garage is clear.
I read your personnel file.
Bullying. excessive use of force.
But you're different. right?
- That's right.
- Kitchen. clear.
Guess I'm not surprised
that you lost a deputy. then.
'Cause you don't have the stomach to do
what needs to be done.
Career advice from rent-a-cop.
Mickey. there is a basement.
It's locked.
We're breaching it now.
One of your own goes missing.
you clearly have
absolutely no idea who did it.
Either your deputies are really dumb
or the killer is really smart.
I didn't say anything about a killer.
We're in.
You know. it's a small town.
You hear things.
Basement's clear.
There's no one else here.
There's a Ford pickup in
the back. there's no blue cr-v.
What about Dana?
What?
Your daughter. Where is she?
I don't have a daughter.
But-but you do.
Skye. right?
- Mickey. Mickey. Mickey.
- I'm fine.
Pretty little girl like that
invites all kinds of trouble.
Son of a bitch!
Where is she?! Where's Cassidy?!
Where are you keeping her?!
Guess we're not so different after all?
Hey. hey.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Alibi checks out.
What. the alibi checks out?
Get out of my house.
It's Ellis. It has to be Ellis.
You know what. have
Hank sit on his house.
No. his alibi is airtight. Mickey.
- Amber saw him at the meat up.
- All right.
Then-then-then we'll
call in a favor with the D.A.
Have him charged
with... With... with what?
We got nothing on him.
Okay. there's got to be
something we can do.
I think you've done plenty. Mickey.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
Ellis didn't kidnap Cassidy.
He couldn't have.
And you hauling off and punching him?
How the hell are you gonna find Cassidy
if you get yourself fired. Mickey?
I wouldn't need to find her
if I'd done my job in the first place.
I was sitting here blaming Fred
and every other sheriff before me
like it was their fault.
I'm the sheriff. Boone.
Someone has been
hunting girls in my county.
and-and I missed it.
So did every cop in this office.
It's not all on you.
Cassidy is.
You heard Laurie.
She only became a cop because of me.
Okay.
You know. I saw someone today.
a cop I hadn't seen in a long time.
I was this close to decking
that creep at the liquor store.
and then I saw myself.
The guy I used to be. in Oakland.
I don't even recognize that guy now
- because of you.
- Boone...
This crap that we've been pulling today?
No. This ain't me anymore.
Sure as hell ain't you.
I know how badly you
want to find Cassidy.
but we're not doing it like this.
You are no good to her like this.
Be the person she looks up to.
Who holds herself to a higher standard.
who focuses on the evidence.
You always have the ability to step back
and see what everyone else misses.
That is the Mickey
Cassidy needs right now.
You were telling the
truth about that sheriff.
She was onto me.
- Was?
- Yeah.
Yeah. she paid me a visit
and then left with nothing.
She has nothing.
Dana.
The only reason romy
hale got in the car with Ellis
was because of Dana.
His daughter. But Ellis said
he doesn't have a daughter.
He doesn't. I checked his file.
But why would romy lie?
So. who was Dana?
- You got a theory?
- I got a theory.
Cassidy thought that Jessica
winters was his first victim.
But the incident with
romy happened earlier.
So. what if he had been taking
girls even earlier than that?
You think Dana was his first victim.
Until she became something else.
Think about it.
She helped him lure romy into his car.
So. what if she did
that with the other girls?
You think she was his accomplice.
Not was. Boone.
Is.
That's why Ellis' alibi checks out.
Because Ellis did not kidnap Cassidy.
Dana did.
So. how do we find this Dana?
If that's even her real name.
I know a good place to start.
You remind me of your sister.
Don't talk about her.
I wanted to help her.
but she was too far gone.
Poor Zoey was just broken.
Don't say her name.
I bet you're tired of hearing it.
"Poor Zoey. she's back in juvie."
"Poor Zoey crashed her car."
"Poor Zoey has to have
her stomach pumped."
Every time. mommy would
come running. wouldn't she?
Come running.
To help her. to support her.
- That's not true.
- And what did you get?
"Not now. Cassidy."
"We can't. Cassidy."
"Figure it out. Cassidy."
"You'll have to do it
on your own. Cassidy."
No wonder you hated her.
- N... that's a lie.
- You hated her and she knew it.
No! No!
- She was tortured.
- No.
- She begged me...
- Please stop!
- Please stop.
- Leave her alone.
Zoey begged for me to
put her out of her misery.
I loved my sister!
He's lying.
He's lying to you.
He's losing control. and he's scared.
He doesn't want you to
know how strong you are.
You're scared.
O-Of what... you?
Mickey.
Boone.
Hank.
Because you know they'll never stop.
They're gonna keep coming
back until they catch you.
That's why you're down here
trying to make yourself feel better.
Feel powerful.
You're scared.
I-I will show you... What scared...
looks like.
No. No.
No.
No. no. no. no. No. pl-please.
Don't touch her!
No. please. No.
No!
No. please!
Please. no. no!
- Leave her alone!
- Shut up.
- No!
Don't say one word.
Sheriff fox.
Is everything okay?
Sorry to bother you at home. Stephanie.
We're chasing down a new lead
and we were wondering if we
could ask you some questions.
Of course.
Like I said. I'll do anything
to help you find those girls.
Anything at all.
Thank you. You really
didn't have to do that.
It's nothing.
I bet you two haven't eaten all day.
Well. thank you.
The reason why we're here.
we believe whoever kidnapped
Cassidy may have an accomplice.
Someone by the name of Dana.
Did any of the girls that
went through social services
mention knowing anybody by that name?
Dana?
Dana...
Sorry.
Doesn't ring a bell.
How about an older
friend they may have had?
You know. someone who
knew at least a few of the missing girls?
Someone-someone they trusted?
I mean. they all had older friends.
Bad influences.
I tried to weigh in. give advice. you know.
but girls like that...
You said that you would
do everything in your power
to help us find the girls.
Sheriff. I'm trying my best.
I know. but you said "girls." as in plural.
Do you think that there
may be another girl
besides Cassidy that could
potentially still be alive?
Maybe it's naive of me. but...
I hope they're all okay.
I keep my work notes on my laptop.
Give me a second to
do a search for Dana.
Maybe one of them did mention her.
Boone!
Jane. run!
Help me. father. help!
- Dana.
- He's gonna kill... He's gon...
He's gonna kill her!
He's gonna... He's gonna kill her!
Go. go! I got her!
Here's how this is gonna go.
You will put your gun on the ground.
you will kick it towards me.
and we are gonna walk out of here.
You're not going anywhere.
I am calling the shots here!
You will put the gun on the ground
or I will execute her!
Okay! All right. I'll put the gun down.
Just don't hurt her. okay?
With your left hand. Come
on. we both know the drill.
- You're supposed to be such a great shot.
- Okay.
Look.
Take it easy.
I'm putting it down.
Are you okay? Did he hurt you?
No. I'm f-I'm fine. Where's Jane?
- Where's Jane?
- She's okay. Boone's got her.
- Okay. Okay.
- Okay.
You found me. Mickey.
- You found me.
- I told you I would.
I told you I'd find you.
Is he dead?
We searched the area where we found
Jessica winters and Maggie shipley.
No other bodies were
found. Where are they. Dana?
Is father dead?
Yes.
Ellis Monroe is dead.
- Dana.
- That is not my name.
Dana was a drug addict.
A whore.
I was squatting in some
old. abandoned home.
Strung out. alone.
And one night... He came.
I thought he would
arrest me for trespassing.
Instead... He gave me a home.
Took responsibility for my correction.
He saved my life.
I also had someone come
into my life when I was lost.
And she showed me
that I let a man hurt me.
Turn me into someone
that I didn't recognize.
Like Ellis did to you.
But I have to believe
that Dana is still in there.
You can't bring back Zoey or Maggie
or Wanda or Hannah.
But you can give the people
who cared about them closure
of knowing where they are.
Dana.
Please.
Thanks for straightening me out.
I'm happy to yell at you anytime.
As long as you return the favor.
You know I'm good for it.
I'll be a better sheriff because of this.
Because of you.
I'm lucky.
Fred didn't have a Boone.
Good night. boss.
I used to have this dream.
A phone would be
ringing. and I'd answer.
and it was a cop.
They said they found Zoey.
She was waiting at the station.
I'm never gonna get that.
No. but you got to make that call.
when you got Marisol
to come down here.
You gave that to Jane.
And I'm so happy. For both of 'em.
But Mickey...
it's gonna destroy her.
I think your mom is gonna
be happy you're okay.
And what if I'm not okay?
Hey.
If you need to step away.
just take some time off. okay?
Just a little. I promise.
It's fine.
Take as much time as you need.
You tell me when you're
ready to come back.
Cassidy.
Ca... Cassidy.
Mama.
Captioning sponsored by
captioned by media access
group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org